The project aims to reposition the time slots of Economics courses offered by Ca Foscari University, utilizing the available classrooms on San Giobbe and Palazzo Moro. The goal is to optimize the use of these resources minimizing the "cost" that the professor will face if he has to teach on a particular timeslot respecting the self-computed professors' preferences. The model will require as input the period that needs to be reorganized, which can be the first, second, third, or fourth period.

The project will involve a comprehensive analysis of the scheduling needs of each course, taking into account factors such as the number of students, the availability of professors and the frequency of the classes.

The comprehensive analysis of the scheduling needs of each course will take into account various factors, including the nature of the courses, such as whether they are mandatory, elective, or partitioned, and the number of students enrolled in each course. This information will help to optimize the use of the available resources, such as classrooms, while also ensuring that the needs of professors are met.The project will help to enhance the learning experience of students and increase the job satisfaction of professors while maintaining the excellence of the Economics department.

All data for the project will be collected from the Ca Foscari University API website at https://www.unive.it/pag/13488/. Data preparation and data cleaning and data exploring have been made in a different part where Unive jsons are imported and merged in order to create the .csv files called UniveCourses and Rooms. This part (and other key parts such as requirements.txt) will be included in future versions.
